New Trim functions (#936)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

----
| New xref:clauses/finish.adoc[FINISH] clause, which can be optionally used to define a query that returns no result.

a|
label:syntax[]
label:functionality[]
label:new[]
[source, cypher, role=noheader]
----
RETURN trim(BOTH 'x' FROM 'xxhelloxx'),
       ltrim('xxhello', 'x'),
       rtrim('helloxx', 'x'),
       btrim('xxhelloxx', 'x')
----

> | Extended the xref:functions/string.adoc#functions-trim[trim()], xref:functions/string.adoc#functions-ltrim[ltrim()]
> and xref:functions/string.adoc#functions-rtrim[rtrim()] functions to accept alternative trim character strings as well
> as introduced a new xref:functions/string.adoc#functions-btrim[btrim()] function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Introduced  xref:functions/string.adoc#functions-btrim[btrim()] function, which returns the given `STRING` with leading and trailing `trimCharacterString` characters removed.
Also extended the xref:functions/string.adoc#functions-trim[trim()], xref:functions/string.adoc#functions-ltrim[ltrim()], and xref:functions/string.adoc#functions-rtrim[rtrim()] functions to accept alternative trim character strings.
```
